sam: orphan brought into the fold when the orphanage got brought out by the monastary. orphan kids didnt eat much because they couldnt complete training. Remained a rogue while at the monastary but found selune while there and eventually had to flee due to a robbery gone wrong

liam: tentatively, liam's parents were head monks at the monastary and had him while apart of it, at some point he goes missing while on his coming of age pilgramage. strict parents, best student, top of class. 

me: born into, finished training, death N/A 

jeremy: left at doorstep, really good at fighting but not much else, brutalized a student and was kicked out

timeline: 
I am born to the monastary, liam already a member, jeremy just dropped off, arc not born. Cookie a member of the monastary for 30 years 

age 10: liam (12) has reached the top of overall training and is easily considered a prodigy, jeremy is raising eyebrows and concerns around the monastary as he seems a bit too interested in the fighting parts and not the teachings, arc is 2. Cookie takes a liking to jeremy 

age 15: liam (17) has reached the spot of top student and is being rightfully considered to take the position of head monk, jeremy on the other hand is considered closer to a wild beast having not taken to any of the teachings and only caring about physical training but due to this he has easily become known as the best fighter in the monastary, arc's orphanage is just brought into the fray. cookie and jeremy training for years, discovers he has magic in him. 

age 18: liam (20) prepares and then sets off on his pilgramage, flying into a rage during battle when he felt threatened jeremy shifts and brutalizes a student and with their fears confirmed the monks kick him from the monastary, arc now steals for the orphan kids. cookie leaves with jeremy 

age 25: liam never returned from his pilgramage, arc during this time joined the selune faith and had been caught a few times lifting purses and brought back to the monastary. While out on a burgarly arc kills a wealthy merchant and returns in a paranoid panic to gather things to flee as soon as possible. The next day jeremy returns to the monastary to ask forgiveness when it gets attacked by a mercenary group looking for revenge on the one who killed the wealthy merchant, everyone except jeremy and cookie is killed. 

tentative: Shadar-kai attacks along with an evil vistani from barovia

liam: Luceran (human male) 
cookie: Niobe; orange, #f3872f (eladrin female) 
arc: vera kotz; blue (human girl)
jeremy: Altavar; purple (shifter male)